[Streaming] Add more documents. (#12746)
ray-project/ray: streaming/README.md

> # Ray Streaming

Reviewer: Let's create as `.rst` so that it matches the rest of our documentation?

Author: done, please have a look again.

> Ray Streaming is a streaming data processing framework built on ray. It helps your to build a job

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ray Streaming is a streaming data processing framework built on ray. It will be helpful to you for building a job
```

Author: fixed.

deals with real-time data easily.

## Key Features

1. **Cross Language**. Based on Ray's multi-language actor, Ray Streaming can also run in multiple
languages(only Python and Java is supported currently). You can implement your operator in different
languages and run them in one job.

2. **Single Node Failover**. We designed a special failover mechanism that only needs to rollback the
failed node it's own, in most cases, to recover the job. This will be a huge benefit if your job is
sensitive about failure recovery time. In other frameworks like Flink, instead, the entire job should
be restarted once a node has failure.

## Examples

### Python

```Python
import ray
from ray.streaming import StreamingContext

ctx = StreamingContext.Builder() \
    .build()
ctx.read_text_file(__file__) \
    .set_parallelism(1) \
    .flat_map(lambda x: x.split()) \
    .map(lambda x: (x, 1)) \
    .key_by(lambda x: x[0]) \
    .reduce(lambda old_value, new_value:
            (old_value[0], old_value[1] + new_value[1])) \
    .filter(lambda x: "ray" not in x) \
    .sink(lambda x: print("result", x))
ctx.submit("word_count")
```

### Java

> ```Java

Reviewer 2: A runnable class will be great.

Author: I have thought about adding `public static void main(xxxx)` and all `import xxx`. But it seems too long to show our API.

As an example for users to have a quick look at our API, I think that's enough. If a user wants to run some codes, he should go to the API reference page, and a more detailed tutorial will be added there.
